v2024.10.0: Add documentation for horizontal scaling related variables and the new User Management API (#254)
hoppscotch/docs: documentation/self-host/enterprise-edition/install-and-build.mdx

1. `ENTERPRISE_LICENSE_KEY`: The license key required to use Hoppscotch Enterprise.
2. `DATABASE_URL`: This is where you add your Postgres database URL.

> 3. `ENABLE_HORIZONTALLY_SCALING`: Set to true to enable horizontal scaling, which uses Redis for managing sessions and state across instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `ENABLE_HORIZONTALLY_SCALING`: Set to true to enable horizontal scaling, which uses Redis for managing pub-sub and state across instances.
```
